Vincent (vinnie) Ambrosius Panoramix
mother xxxx Panoramix : moggul (suposed)
father xxx Ambrosius : moggul (suposed)
=divorced 2 last names .... official
=> mother won divorce called Vinnie Panoramix
=> dad missing 
send to hogwarts after mother accident dies house on fire and he is found on fire but completely ok. 
on burning wooden floor. when put out he stays on fire put out again he neirly drowns and passes out what 
puts out the fire.
he inherits a box with parents possesions including letter that belonged to his father. written in dragon language
saying that there is magic in his bloodline , and that he inherited it and if can read its active again ... after
dorment in family , aswel as a dragonlord(taught to be extinguisd 1000 years ago(merlin was the last). the letter is signed
by Myrddin Emrys. on the other side is a map that leads to merlins cave (pile of rocks in the woods in magic country) never 
found by un magic creatures and not showing or having entrance to non bloodline.

to young to study , and not knowing wether he is good or evil he is send to be raised by 
the orphanage ( wich till then had only one other person in it , a baby girl having evil blood (related to voldemort
and profecied to be the queen of evil), and
resqued from her faith by dumbledore, and unable to kill a baby , put there in hope to become good.

evil tries to read letter and find marking on map , read is un successfull 
the pile of rocks in front of rockface looks like altar for acient rituals and is disregarded ferther
vincent and jenna row older until he is 6 and she is 4 then she is adopted by (luna?)
vinnie has been going to a moggul school so far to gain knowledge of that world. and is dropped of and picked up
every day by hogwarts teacher. having lived for years like that he knows he has to hide his magic wich got him in to 
trouble couple times wich led to snape knowing he doesnt need a wand for moving objects , or making fire out
of nothing. wich is od and very uncommon. but keeps it a secret to everyone else.
snape does some research but finds almost nothing exept that in a time before magic as they know it 
few people had special powers , some cultures called them druids others angels or demigods, usualy woreshipped 
and sometimes haunthed by those who beleved other things , time is called old religion.

when jenna is gone vinnie los his playmate so hi finds himself exploring the magic world. outside and inside
reading snapes books , so he finds the box with the letter he inherrited and is able to read it. he also visits 
the place marked on the map , and can read the text engraved on the altar , wich reveals a door/gate on the rockface before 
him, he enters the cave and finds a study full of books and potions and artifacts, like several differently shaped eggs.
 some of the books he can read others are even unreadable for him.
 
letter sais who and wat he is (for a part) and that he must talk to the orb in the cave for guidance. the letter 
also sais that even in the magic world he is special and that he might be cosidered an enemy in his time. and that 
it is best to keep everything (as far as possible a secret until he has mastered the basics and wich can be 
tested by putting on the ring without hurting himself and keeping it on. wich means finding the ring first.

when 11 yo he is invited to hogwarts having no proprety, haggret takes hime shopping just like harry potter ,
the wandshop keeper is confused , thinking vinnie has no magic because no wand works not even a bit
then trieing a move object spell every wand works equally , having no money the shopkeeper gives him the cheapest oldest 
most disguesting wand he has. (no one wanted him because he never did what the weelder asked) but when vinnie 
does the move object spell, the object moves so he gets that one.

in the cave the orb told him the white egg seperate from the others is a gift for him and the other eggs 
sould be left eggs unless neccesary . the eg should be named whith the other language . vinnie does it and
a little baby dragon crawls out , its a black thunder dragon , beleved to be extict in magic world for more than 500y. 
vinnie raises him and plays with him in the woods when he  is about 30cm he lets the dragon go freely but he always appears
whe vinnie calls him. one day the thunder dragon is escorted by a batdragon (wich transforms into) large firedragon also a male (verry rare among dragons)
the dragon is a few thousand years old and huge that dragon suggests to mask the thunder dragon as an owl in order to 
use him for mail and being able to take him in and out of school unnoticed. 

acient dragon also sais , he has to activate his wand because its on the of setting that its an old religion wand
that works differently , and that he can do (alsmost) any incantation without it, he just has to think the incatation
. but that the wand can be used to do the spells with more power. or controll other wands with it to do the same.
the wand seemes to have an ordinary core so it wont ever work like that , but the dragon sais to get one of the feahters 
from his thunder dragon out of hes youth and that he wil forge it with is breah to be the core of the wand.
but that vinnie should now never let the wand be touched by anyone else because they will feel the power of it and
become addicted to power at the cost of anhing once felth completely only he is immune for dragonwillpower because
he is a dragonlord. 

when vinnie is in his first year , put in slidderin by the hat transered to ravenclaw but desided to griffindor.
he ends up togheter with the son of a hero , potter jr. and malfoys son , he and malfoys son become friends 
but the son of potter is turned into a shy boy by the fame he gets. Malfoy being the top of the class,and vinnie
close second, get the attention of everyone including a girl , a girl whom harry jr falls in love with. 
the 2 friends start showing of to eachother and harry is watching , full of himself vinnie creates
a fire deamon without saying anything the deamon destroys the speaker system wich malfoy summoned. malfoy couldend
see vinnies face while he did the summoning of the deamon , but harry could and figures the wand can doe 
spells by thinking them. malfoy is imressed by the deamon wich he reports to his father. 
in an unattended moment harry steals the wand of vinnie , wishing he wouldnt be so shy a lightning strikes ontop of 
vinnie landing him in 2 peaces a shy clumsy one and a blonde egomaniac powerfull one. 
the put the wand back , the shy one continiues to be harry but the other one calls himself a new student by
the name of xxxx Snape. Vinnie notices his wand has been touched and is given the quest by the dragon to find out 
what really happened if possible and correct it , he also has to geve back the wands core. wich is replaced by a
old magic enchanted core with no extra powers now from a wand from a pile he found in the cave of merlin.
if this one also gets stolen the dragon will be forced to use his magic to summon an army of deamons which dont
obay to vinnie , to search and destroy any magic connected to vinnie. and take it with them

the evil harry had a vision right after he was split from the shy one wich revealed the making of the wand. hes
goal now is to retreve the wand for hes own personal gain.